Updated Development guide (#20543)
dotnet/maui: .github/DEVELOPMENT.md

*NOTE*: IntelliSense takes a decent amount of time to fully process your solution. It will eventually work through all the necessary tasks. If you are having IntelliSense issues, usually unloading/reloading the `maui.core` and `maui.controls` projects will resolve. 

## What branch should I use?

As a general rule:
- [main](https://github.com/dotnet/maui/tree/main)

> Always use main when you are going to correct an issue or apply changes unless it involves breaking changes with changes in public APIs. With changes to public APIs you must use the branch of the next dotnet version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use main when you are going to correct an issue or apply changes unless it involves breaking changes with changes and/or additions on public APIs. With changes to public APIs you must use the branch of the next dotnet version.
```
